clarify precondition to working with wiki locally (#16468)
github/docs: content/communities/documenting-your-project-with-wikis/adding-or-editing-wiki-pages.md

### Cloning wikis to your computer

Every wiki provides an easy way to clone its contents down to your computer.

> You can clone the repository to your computer with the provided URL [after you create an intial page via Github.com](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41423798):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created an initial page on {% data variables.product.product_name %}, you can clone the repository to your computer with the provided URL:
```
